hey it's cool if you don't know and
let's play balloon fight as part of
these supervision 1 let's play finally
time for a more classic game of the
classic game have some references in why
are you where are you are twisted
maybe the entire point is to burst the
bubbles deploy a parachute and we'll be
able to get airborne again until destroy
the parachute just throw them in midair
or will they land this surprise fish
anything that gets too close to the
water will get you by surprise fish
right little truck he'll try to either
and you get two minutes once you lose
one balloon you lose my durability and a
lot harder to defeat your enemies both
fall into the water
and as with pretty much any classic
here's the bonus round
bonus round fought just 20 balloons at
you
from these four pipes we go as many of
these 20 balloons as possible
you get all 20 you get an additional
bonus this time I didn't though not too
bad 300 points of pieces 50 100 points
if you do it just right you can usually
eliminate like two or three penguins
before they even get off the ground
increased penguin that falls into the
water there is a bubble that generates
these penguins pushing them off
another phase done phase 6 if I can get
far enough into the game I'll show you
something that actually got into the
Super Smash Brothers 500 points
and I was a bit of a tribute to balloon
fight
it's I got put into however I'm not
quite done with this yet tire point just
as many points as you can't go as far as
you can without hitting any of those
sparks or getting too close to the water
getting surprised fish to hit you if you
get far enough to get these moving
sparks
pretty good so far the top to get the
top score of 25,000 points I think that
ring thing is pretty much a carryover
from the arcade
I would actually keep track of high
scores
hopefully I wanted to see my timeline if
I just might owe so much for that and
that is balloon fight Lee's coming so
next time something a little more boring
again not not super boring but you know
anyways you'll see thankfully fiown oh
and I'll see you guys next time